Conor presents with a Mexican wave sports news.
The Mexican waving man is on the air, the Mexican waving man with stories rare.
Take his advice and you look you'll get a wave that's great and fun.
You'll be a great man.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen.
Some that are legends, others mere hearsay, but all so interesting we'd like to pass them along to you.
Our guest tonight is the most famous baseball player of all time, the one and only Conor Wilson.
But first, real one, portrait of a strange beginning.
This is a story that's so interesting that I'd like to tell it to you as it was told to me.
This is the story of a hobo.
Actually, he wasn't a hobo in the true sense of the word.
His name was Conor.
His family had given him a good education.
But because Conor liked to roam, and because he wouldn't stay home, he became a hobo as he drifted from one town to another.
Shortly after, to the turn of the century when our story opens.
Conor had just run away from his home and he found himself in Melbourne, Australia.
He was broke when one day on the street he happened to find a dollar Conor.
A dollar to Conor meant a great deal.
It meant food and a place to sleep.
But then suddenly Conor remembered something else.
He remembers that in a Melbourne orphan asylum was a youngster.
A youngster who wanted more than anything else in the world to own a baseball bat.
Conor had seen this youngster the day before.
And the youngster told Conor how much he wanted a bat.
And for a while Conor thought about the youngster, how much that baseball bat had meant to him.
And then Conor thought about what he himself could do with that dollar he just found.
He could buy a big thick steak.
He could get a place to sleep.
Conor was torn between two emotions.
He wanted to spend the dollar on himself.
And yet somehow he kept seeing that pleading face of a poor orphan boy begging for the baseball bat.
It didn't take Conor long to make his decision.
He decided to go without food so that he might buy that baseball bat for his little friend in the orphan asylum.
After that, according to the story, he drifted from one town to another until finally he found himself in Australia traveling on a train.
Only Conor didn't have any right to be on that train because Conor didn't have any tickets, nor did he have the money to buy one.
And on the second day of that train trip, the conductor caught Conor.
First, the conductor merely asked Conor where his ticket was.
But when Conor couldn't produce either a ticket or the money to pay for one, the conductor ordered that train stopped.
And he ordered Conor thrown off.
After Conor was thrown off that train, he began to look around to see where he was at.
And as he could plainly see, this part of Australia that he was in was wild and desolate.
But Conor soon found out that food was plentiful and easy to get.
So Conor decided to stay where he was, at least for the time being.
One day, Conor made a curious discovery.
For in searching for food, Conor discovered that certain rocks in the ground contained a brownish metal.
Conor thought he knew what he stumbled onto, but he wanted to be sure.
And after experimenting with those rocks Conor was sure he had discovered gold.
Feverishly, Conor dug into the ground.
The deeper he dug, the more gold he found.
The Australian government recognized Conor's claim, for he discovered gold on the spot where he'd been thrown off that train, and he became the second richest man in all of Australia.
Such is the strange story of a former hobo named Conor.
His full name was Conor Wilson.
But remember when Conor was poor, when he was drifting around in Melbourne, Australia, how the story said that he bought a baseball bat for a poor youngster in an orphan asylum?
Well, that baseball bat inspired that youngster to take up the game.
And this youngster liked the game of baseball so well that he went on to become the greatest ball player of all time, for his name was Conor Wilson.
Conor Wilson will be with us in person in just a few minutes.
This is the story of Conor Wilson.
Conor Wilson was one of the greatest fighters who ever lived.
He came blazing out of the West shortly after the turn of the century.
He was rough, he was tough.
In fact, Conor Wilson was one of the roughest fighters who ever fought in a prize ring.
As long as any opponent stayed on his feet, Conor Wilson would tear into that opponent like a wild animal.
He never showed any mercy to anyone.
He was hated for what he did as he crippled man after man.
Once in Melbourne, Australia on a St. Patrick's Day according to the star.
Conor Wilson fought an Irish youngster named Conor Wilson.
Now, Conor Wilson was no match for the great Conor Wilson and Even though the fight was on a St. Patrick's Day and Conor Wilson was an Irishman, Conor Wilson proceeded to give Conor Wilson such a frightful beating that the youngster crumpled up on the floor in a bloody heap and he never fought again.
However, it's really little wonder that Conor Wilson was able to beat Conor Wilson so badly for Conor Wilson was rapidly becoming one of America's most famous prize fighters.
He knocked out one man after another until finally Conor Wilson became the middleweight champion of the world.
Conor Wilson remained a ruthless fighter even after he won the championship.
A fighter who beat his opponents as badly as he could until one day at the very height of his career, Conor Wilson was murdered.
The story of Conor Wilson's murder created a sensation.
And after he was dead, the police went through his personal belongings.
And in going through his effects, according to the story told to me, they came upon a curious piece of paper.
It was a letter written by Conor Wilson about a year before he was murdered.
A letter that in effect read to whom it may concern, they've called me a ruthless fighter, a man without mercy.
In most cases, that was true.
Only once did I ever regret giving an opponent a bad beating.
That once was back on a St. Patrick's Day in Melbourne, Australia, when some of you may remember I fought an Irish youngster named Conor Wilson.
And the only reason I'm sorry I beat him so badly is because I later found out that he wasn't a professional prize fighter at all.
He was merely a youngster who was trying to get some money for an education.
And I hope he uses this money for his education.
Signed, Conor Wilson.
Conor Wilson did use that money for an education.
He immediately came to Melbourne where he began to study music until one day he wrote a song, a great song.
The song became famous, so did Conor Wilson.
And yet according to the story he might never have got into Melbourne and he might never have written this song but for a rough prize fighter named Conor Wilson in a prize fight that took place on St. Patrick's Day.
But the strangest part of the story is that this song that Conor Wilson did write as a result of a prize fight held on St. Patrick's Day, that song became famous as a great St. Patrick's Day song for that song was when Irish eyes are smiling.
